# Lyft - Terms and Conditions

- **Version**: N/A
- **Source URL**: https://www.lyft.com/terms/canada
- **Retrieved At**: 2025-07-05T16:30:42.128396

---

# Lyft Terms of Service

*Last Updated: December 13, 2024*

These Terms of Service constitute a legally binding agreement (the “Agreement”) between you and Lyft
Canada Inc. its parents, subsidiaries, representatives, affiliates, officers and directors
(collectively, “Lyft,” “we,” “us” or “our”) governing your use of the Lyft applications, websites,
technology, artificial intelligence tools, facilities, and platform (collectively, the “Lyft
Platform”) in Canada. Lyft is entering into this Agreement for itself and for the benefit of its
affiliates, subsidiaries, parents, successors, assigns, directors and officers (a “Lyft Affiliate”
or “Lyft Affiliates”).

PLEASE BE ADVISED: THIS AGREEMENT CONTAINS PROVISIONS THAT GOVERN HOW CLAIMS BETWEEN YOU AND LYFT
CAN BE BROUGHT ([SEE SECTION 17 BELOW](https://www.lyft.com/terms/canada#tos-dispute-resolution-and-arbitration-agreement)).
**THESE PROVISIONS WILL, WITH LIMITED EXCEPTION, REQUIRE YOU TO: (1) WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO A JURY
TRIAL, AND (2) SUBMIT CLAIMS YOU HAVE AGAINST LYFT TO BINDING AND FINAL ARBITRATION ON AN
INDIVIDUAL BASIS, NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY CLASS, GROUP OR REPRESENTATIVE
ACTION OR PROCEEDING.**

AS A DRIVER OR DRIVER APPLICANT, YOU HAVE AN OPPORTUNITY TO OPT OUT OF ARBITRATION WITH RESPECT TO
CERTAIN CLAIMS AS PROVIDED IN SECTION 17.

By entering into this Agreement, and/or by using or accessing the Lyft Platform, you expressly
acknowledge that you understand this Agreement (including the dispute resolution and arbitration
provisions in Section 17) and accept all of its terms. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS
AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOU MAY NOT USE OR ACCESS THE LYFT PLATFORM OR ANY OF THE SERVICES
PROVIDED THROUGH THE LYFT PLATFORM. If you use the Lyft Platform in another country, you agree to be
subject to Lyft’s terms of service for that country. If you are accessing or using the Lyft Platform
to access or use Lyft Business services on behalf of an organization contracted with Lyft, and you
are not accessing or using the Lyft Platform as a Rider or Driver, your access and use is governed
by the contract between Lyft and your organization.

When using the Lyft Platform, you also agree to conduct yourself in accordance with our
[Community Guidelines](https://www.lyft.com/safety/community-guidelines) which shall form
part of this Agreement between you and Lyft.

## The Lyft Platform

The Lyft Platform provides a marketplace where, among other things, persons who seek transportation
to certain destinations (“Riders”) can be matched with transportation options to such destinations.
One option for Riders is to request a ride from rideshare drivers who are driving to or through
those destinations (“Drivers”). Drivers, Riders, and any other individuals, excluding any Excluded
Individuals, using the Lyft Platform are collectively referred to herein as “Users.” The driving
services provided (a) by Drivers to Riders (including other transportation related services provided
by Drivers), or (b) by means of autonomous vehicles (“Autonomous Vehicles” or “AVs”), in connection
with the Lyft Platform, shall collectively be referred to herein as “Rideshare Services” and the
providers thereof “Rideshare Providers.” “Lyft Services” shall include any service provided by Lyft
pursuant to the Lyft Platform (for clarity, Lyft Services does not include Rideshare Services or
Third-Party Services). As a User, you authorize Lyft to match and/or re-match you with Drivers or
Riders or AVs based on factors such as your location, the requested pickup location, the estimated
time to pickup, your destination, User preferences, ride mode, driver mode, applicable vehicle
requirements, membership status, regulatory or other third-party requirements, user statistics, and
platform efficiency, and to cancel an existing match based on the same or other considerations. Any
decision by a User to offer or accept Rideshare Services is a decision made in such User’s sole
discretion. A separate agreement is formed between Drivers and Riders when the Rider accepts the
offered Rideshare Services. As used herein, “Excluded Individuals” means any individual who is
registering to use the Lyft Platform or whose use of the Lyft Platform is on behalf of an
organization contracted with Lyft, except as a Rider or Driver.

In certain markets, Riders may have the option to rent transportation modalities (e.g., bikes,
scooters, cars, etc.) or be offered other services through the Lyft Platform. In some markets, some
of these rental programs and/or other services are owned and operated by Lyft. In other markets,
some of these rental programs and/or other services are owned or operated by third parties.

In any case, your use of Lyft Services through the Lyft Platform may be subject to additional
agreements between you and Lyft as applicable to the particular service in the particular market
(“Supplemental Agreements”). Please review any applicable Supplemental Agreements carefully. IF YOU
DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF A SUPPLEMENTAL AGREEMENT, YOU MAY NOT RENT
OR USE LYFT SERVICES IN SUCH MARKET. In the event of any conflict between this Agreement and the
terms and conditions of any Supplemental Agreement, the terms of this Agreement shall control,
unless such Supplemental Agreement specifically states otherwise.

## Modification to the Agreement

Lyft reserves the right to modify the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including by changing
or deleting existing terms or by adding new ones, and such modifications shall be binding on you
upon your acceptance of the modified Agreement. Continued use of the Lyft Platform after
modifications to this Agreement shall constitute your acceptance of such modifications. Drivers or
driver applicants, however, may opt out of revisions to the Agreement’s arbitration provisions with
respect to certain claims as provided in Section 17 below. Lyft reserves the right to modify any
information on pages referenced in the hyperlinks from this Agreement from time to time, and such
modifications shall become effective upon posting. Continued use of the Lyft Platform after
modifications to any information on pages referenced in the hyperlinks from this Agreement shall
constitute your acceptance of such modifications.

## Eligibility

The Lyft Platform may only be used by individuals who have the right and authority to enter into
this Agreement and are fully able and competent to satisfy the terms, conditions, and obligations
herein. The Lyft Platform is not available to Users who have had their User account temporarily or
permanently deactivated. You may not allow other persons to use your User account, you agree that
you are the sole authorized user of your User account, and you may not use your User account on
behalf of any third party, except as otherwise expressly permitted by Lyft. To use the Lyft
Platform, each User shall create a User account. Each person may only create one User account, and
Lyft reserves the right to deactivate any additional or duplicate accounts. Your participation in
certain Lyft programs and use of certain Lyft services may be subject to additional eligibility
requirements as determined by Lyft.

By becoming a User, you represent and warrant that you are at least the age of majority in your
province or territory of residence and that you have the right, authority and capacity to enter into
and abide by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if you are
the parent or legal guardian of a 16 or 17-year old minor you may create a User account for such
minor to use the Lyft Platform subject to the following requirements and restrictions: (a) you
ensure that the minor’s use of the Lyft Platform is limited solely to accessing and using Lyft
Services and/or Third-Party Services where expressly permitted under the Supplemental Agreement
applicable to such Lyft Services and/or Third-Party Services, (b) you determine that the Lyft
Services and/or Third-Party Services are suitable for the minor, (c) you ensure that the minor’s use
of the Lyft Platform and applicable Lyft Services and/or Third-Party Services is done in compliance
and acknowledgement of all applicable safety instructions and warnings in this Agreement, any
applicable Supplemental Agreements, and the Lyft Platform, (d) you ensure that the minor does not
request or accept any Rideshare Services unless accompanied by you or an authorized guardian, and
(e) you explain the terms of this Agreement to the minor. For clarity, no unaccompanied User under
18 years old may ride in an Autonomous Vehicle.

By creating a User account for such minor, you hereby give permission and consent to the Agreement
on the minor’s behalf, you expressly guarantee the minor’s acceptance, and your own acceptance, of
the terms of this Agreement, and you shall assume any and all responsibility and liability for the
minor’s use of the Lyft Platform as provided by the terms of this Agreement and any applicable
Supplemental Agreements. You will be responsible for any breach of the above representations,
warranties and/or this Agreement, and/or any attempt of the minor to disaffirm this Agreement.
Furthermore, you hereby represent that you are fully authorized to execute this Agreement on behalf
of yourself and all other parents or legal guardians of the minor rider.

## Charges

As a User, you understand that request or use of Rideshare Services, Lyft Services, or Third-Party
Services may result in charges (“Charges”) to you and/or to an organization, if applicable. Charges
to Riders and/or organizations, if applicable, for Rideshare Services include Fares (defined below)
and other applicable fees, tolls, surcharges, and taxes, including as set forth on your market’s
[Lyft Cities page](http://www.lyft.com/cities) (“Lyft Cities Page”), plus any tips to the
Driver that you elect to pay. Lyft has the authority and reserves the right to determine and modify
pricing by posting applicable pricing terms to your market’s Lyft Cities Page or quoting you a price
for a specific ride at the time you make a request. Pricing may vary based on the type of service
you request (e.g., economy, extra seats, luxury) as described on your market’s Lyft Cities Page or
within the Lyft Platform. You are responsible for reviewing the applicable Lyft Cities Page or price
quote within the Lyft Platform and shall be responsible for all Charges incurred under your User
account regardless of your awareness of such Charges or the amounts thereof. Except as expressly
provided below, all Charges will be in Canadian dollars.

Rideshare Service Fares (“Fares”). There are two types of Fares, quoted and variable.

Rideshare Service Fees and Other Charges.

Charges Generally.

For clarity, Lyft does not charge a fee for Users to access the Lyft Platform, but retains the right
to charge Users and/or organizations, if applicable, a fee or any other Charge for accessing or
using Lyft Services, Rideshare Services, or Third-Party Services made available through the Lyft
Platform.

## Driver Payments

If you are a Driver, you will receive payment for your provision of Rideshare Services pursuant to
the terms of the
[Driver Addendum](https://www.lyft.com/terms/canada/driver-addendum), which shall form
part of this Agreement between you and Lyft.

## Lyft Communications

By entering into this Agreement or using the Lyft Platform, you agree to receive communications from
us, our affiliates, providers of Third-Party Services or Drivers for the purposes set out in this
section, at any of the phone numbers provided to Lyft by you or on your behalf, and also via emails,
text messages, calls, and push notifications at any time (including between the hours of 9 p.m. and
8 a.m., local time). You agree that texts, calls or prerecorded messages may be generated by
automatic telephone dialing systems. Communications from Lyft, its affiliated companies and/or
Rideshare Providers may include but are not limited to: operational communications concerning your
User account or use of the Lyft Platform, Lyft Services, Third-Party Services or Rideshare Services,
payment receipts, payment reminders or processing issues, updates concerning new and existing
features on the Lyft Platform, communications concerning marketing or promotions run by us or our
third-party partners, and news concerning Lyft and industry developments. If you change or
deactivate the phone number you provided to Lyft, you agree to update your User account information
to help prevent us from inadvertently communicating with anyone who acquires your old number.
Standard text messaging charges applied by your cell phone carrier will apply to text messages we
send. While we endeavor to send routine communications between the hours of 8 a.m. and 9 p.m., local
time, you acknowledge and agree that we may send or you may receive text messages, email, calls, and
push communications from us at any time (including time sensitive communications; communications
related to payment receipts, payment reminders, payment processing issues; or contemporaneous
communications related to other actions taken by you).

IF YOU WISH TO OPT OUT OF PROMOTIONAL EMAILS, YOU CAN UNSUBSCRIBE FROM OUR PROMOTIONAL EMAIL LIST BY
FOLLOWING THE UNSUBSCRIBE OPTIONS IN THE PROMOTIONAL EMAIL ITSELF. IF YOU WISH TO OPT OUT OF
PROMOTIONAL CALLS OR TEXTS, YOU MAY TEXT “END” TO 59388 FROM THE MOBILE DEVICE RECEIVING THE
MESSAGES. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU ARE NOT REQUIRED TO CONSENT TO RECEIVE PROMOTIONAL TEXTS OR CALLS
AS A CONDITION OF USING THE LYFT PLATFORM OR RELATED SERVICES. IF YOU WISH TO OPT OUT OF ALL TEXTS
OR CALLS FROM LYFT (INCLUDING OPERATIONAL OR TRANSACTIONAL TEXTS OR CALLS), YOU CAN TEXT THE WORD
“STOPALL” TO 59388 FROM THE MOBILE DEVICE RECEIVING THE MESSAGES; HOWEVER, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT
OPTING OUT OF RECEIVING ALL TEXTS MAY IMPACT YOUR USE OF THE LYFT PLATFORM OR RELATED SERVICES. WHEN
YOU OPT OUT TEXTS OR CALLS, YOU MAY RECEIVE A ONE-TIME OPT-OUT CONFIRMATION TEXT MESSAGE. NO FURTHER
MESSAGES WILL BE SENT TO YOUR MOBILE DEVICE, UNLESS INITIATED BY YOU. FOR COMMUNICATION SERVICE
SUPPORT OR ASSISTANCE, PLEASE VISIT OUR [HELP CENTER](https://help.lyft.com/hc/en-us).

## Your Information

Your Information is any information you provide, publish, or post, and any information provided on
your behalf, to or through the Lyft Platform (including any profile information you provide) or send
to other Users (including via in-application feedback, any email feature, or through any
Lyft-related Facebook, X or other social media posting) (your “Information”). You consent to us
using your Information to create a User account that will allow you to use the Lyft Platform, Lyft
Services, and participate in the Rideshare Services. Our collection and use of personal information
in connection with the Lyft Platform, Lyft Services, and Rideshare Services is as provided in Lyft’s
[Privacy Policy](https://www.lyft.com/privacy). You are solely responsible for your
Information and your interactions with other members of the public, and we act only as a passive
conduit for your online posting of your Information. You agree to provide and maintain accurate,
current and complete Information and that we and other members of the public may rely on your
Information as accurate, current and complete. To enable Lyft to use your Information for the
purposes described in the Privacy Policy and this Agreement, or to otherwise improve the Lyft
Platform, Lyft Services, or Rideshare Services, you grant to us a non-exclusive, worldwide,
perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, transferable, sub-licensable (through multiple tiers) right
and license to exercise the copyright, publicity, and database rights you have in your Information,
and to use, copy, perform, display and distribute such Information to prepare derivative works, or
incorporate into other works, such Information, in any media now known or not currently known,
subject to any rights that you may have in respect of personal information under applicable privacy
laws. You further waive, and agree to waive, any non-assignable rights, including without limitation
moral rights, in the foregoing. Lyft does not assert any ownership over your Information; rather, as
between you and Lyft, subject to the rights granted to us in this Agreement, you retain full
ownership of all of your Information and any intellectual property rights or other proprietary
rights associated with your Information.

## Promotions, Referrals, and Loyalty Programs

Lyft, at its sole discretion, may make available promotions, referral programs and loyalty programs
with different features to any Users or prospective Users. Lyft reserves the right to withhold or
deduct credits or benefits obtained through a promotion or program in the event that Lyft determines
or believes that the redemption of the promotion or receipt of the credit or benefit was in error,
fraudulent, illegal, or in violation of the applicable promotion or program terms or this Agreement.
Lyft reserves the right to terminate, discontinue, modify or cancel any promotions or programs at
any time and in its sole discretion without notice to you.

Lyft’s referral program may provide you with incentives to refer your friends and family to become
new Users of the Lyft Platform in your country (the “Referral Program”). Your participation in the
Referral Program is subject to this Agreement and the additional
[Referral Program rules](https://www.lyft.com/invite-terms).

## Restricted Activities

With respect to your use of the Lyft Platform, Lyft Services, Third-Party Services, and your
participation in the Rideshare Services, you agree that you will not:

Should you suspect that any unauthorized party may be using your User account or you suspect any
other breach of security or violation of this Agreement, you agree to notify us immediately.

## Driver Representations, Warranties and Agreements

By providing Rideshare Services as a Driver on the Lyft Platform, you represent, warrant, and agree
that:

## Intellectual Property

All intellectual property rights in and to the Lyft Platform shall be owned by Lyft absolutely and
in their entirety. These rights include database rights, inventions and patentable subject-matter,
patents, copyright, design rights (whether registered or unregistered), trademarks (whether
registered or unregistered) and other similar rights wherever existing in the world together with
the right to apply for protection of the same. All other trademarks, logos, service marks, company
or product names set forth in the Lyft Platform are the property of their respective owners. You
acknowledge and agree that any questions, comments, suggestions, ideas, feedback or other
information (“Submissions”) provided by you or on your behalf to us are non-confidential and shall
become the sole property of Lyft. Lyft shall own exclusive rights, including all intellectual
property rights, and shall be entitled to the unrestricted use and dissemination of these
Submissions for any purpose, commercial or otherwise, without acknowledgment or compensation to you.
Except for the explicit license grants hereunder, nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to
transfer ownership of or grant a license under any intellectual property rights.

LYFT and other Lyft logos, designs, graphics, icons, scripts and service names are registered
trademarks, trademarks or trade dress of Lyft in the United States and/or other countries
(collectively, the “Lyft Marks”). If you provide Rideshare Services as a Driver, Lyft grants to you,
during the term of this Agreement, and subject to your compliance with the terms and conditions of
this Agreement, a limited, revocable, non-exclusive license to display and use the Lyft Marks solely
on the Lyft stickers/decals, and any other Lyft-branded items provided by Lyft directly to you in
connection with providing the Rideshare Services (“License”). The License is non-transferable and
non-assignable, and you shall not grant to any third party any right, permission, license or
sublicense with respect to any of the rights granted hereunder without Lyft’s prior written
permission, which it may withhold in its sole discretion. The Lyft logo (or any Lyft Marks) may not
be used in any manner that is likely to cause confusion, including but not limited to: use of a Lyft
Mark in a domain name or Lyft referral code, or use of a Lyft Mark as a social media handle or name,
avatar, profile photo, icon, favicon, or banner. You may identify yourself as a Driver on the Lyft
Platform, but may not misidentify yourself as Lyft, an employee of Lyft, or a representative or
agent of Lyft.

You acknowledge that Lyft is the owner and licensor of the Lyft Marks, including all goodwill
associated therewith, and that your use of the Lyft logo (or any Lyft Marks) will confer no interest
in or ownership of the Lyft Marks in you but rather inures to the benefit of Lyft. You agree to use
the Lyft logo strictly in accordance with Lyft’s Brand Guidelines, as may be provided to you and
revised from time to time, and to immediately cease any use that Lyft determines to be nonconforming
or otherwise unacceptable.

You agree that you will not: (1) create any materials that use the Lyft Marks or any derivatives of
the Lyft Marks as a trademark, service mark, trade name or trade dress, other than as expressly
approved by Lyft in writing; (2) use the Lyft Marks in any way that tends to impair their validity
as proprietary trademarks, service marks, trade names or trade dress, or use the Lyft Marks other
than in accordance with the terms, conditions and restrictions herein; (3) take any other action
that would jeopardize or impair Lyft’s rights as owner of the Lyft Marks or the legality and/or
enforceability of the Lyft Marks, including challenging or opposing Lyft’s ownership in the Lyft
Marks; (4) apply for trademark registration or renewal of trademark registration of any of the Lyft
Marks, any derivative of the Lyft Marks, any combination of the Lyft Marks and any other name, or
any trademark, service mark, trade name, symbol or word which is similar to the Lyft Marks; (5) use
the Lyft Marks on or in connection with any product, service or activity that is in violation of any
law, statute, government regulation or standard.

You agree you will not rent, lease, lend, sell, or otherwise redistribute the Lyft driver Amp or
Glow, or manufacture, produce, print, sell, distribute, purchase, or display counterfeit/inauthentic
Lyft driver Amps, Glows, or other Lyft Marks or (including but not limited to signage, stickers,
apparel, or decals) from any source other than directly from Lyft.

Violation of any provision of this License may result in immediate termination of the License, in
Lyft’s sole discretion, a takedown request sent to the appropriate ISP, or social media platform,
and/or a Uniform Domain-Name Dispute-Resolution Policy Proceeding (or equivalent proceeding). If you
create any materials (physical or digital) bearing the Lyft Marks (in violation of this Agreement or
otherwise), you agree that upon their creation Lyft exclusively owns all right, title and interest
in and to such materials, including any modifications to the Lyft Marks or derivative works based on
the Lyft Marks or Lyft copyrights. You hereby assign any interest or right you may have in such
materials to Lyft, and shall provide information and execute any documents as reasonably requested
by Lyft to enable Lyft to formalize such assignment.

Lyft respects the intellectual property of others, and expects Users to do the same. If you believe,
in good faith, that any materials on the Lyft Platform infringe upon your copyrights, please
[view our Copyright Policy](https://www.lyft.com/copyright) for information on how to
make a copyright complaint.

## Disclaimers

The following disclaimers are made on behalf of Lyft, our affiliates, subsidiaries, parents,
successors and assigns, and each of our respective officers, directors, employees, agents, and
shareholders.

Lyft does not provide transportation services, and Lyft is not a transportation carrier. Lyft is not
a common carrier or public carrier. It is up to the Rideshare Provider to decide whether or not to
offer a ride to a Rider contacted through the Lyft Platform, and it is up to the Rider to decide
whether or not to accept a ride from any Rideshare Provider contacted through the Lyft Platform. We
cannot ensure that a Rideshare Provider or Rider will complete an arranged transportation service.
We have no control over the quality or safety of the transportation that occurs as a result of the
Rideshare Services. Any safety-related feature, process, policy, standard, or other effort
undertaken by Lyft is not an indication of any employment or agency relationship with any User.

The Lyft Platform is provided on an “as is” basis and without any warranty or condition, express,
implied or statutory. We do not guarantee and do not promise any specific results from use of the
Lyft Platform, Lyft Services, Third-Party Services, and/or the Rideshare Services, including the
ability to provide or receive Rideshare Services at any given location or time. Lyft reserves the
right, for example, to limit or eliminate access to the Lyft Platform for Rideshare Services,
Third-Party Services, and/or Lyft Services in specific geographic areas and/or at specific times
based on commercial viability, public health concerns, or changes in law. To the fullest extent
permitted by law, we specifically disclaim any implied warranties of title, merchantability, fitness
for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Some provinces do not allow the disclaimer of implied
warranties, so the foregoing disclaimer may not apply to you.

We do not warrant that your use of the Lyft Platform, Lyft Services, Third-Party Services, or
Rideshare Services will be accurate, complete, reliable, current, secure, uninterrupted, always
available, or error-free, or will meet your requirements, that any defects in the Lyft Platform will
be corrected, or that the Lyft Platform is free of viruses or other harmful components. We disclaim
liability for, and no warranty is made with respect to, connectivity, availability, accuracy,
completeness, and reliability of the Lyft Platform, Lyft Services, Third-Party Services, or
Rideshare Services, including with respect to mapping, navigation, estimated times of arrival, and
routing services. You are responsible at all times for your conduct and the consequences of your
conduct while using the Lyft Platform.

We cannot guarantee that each Rider or Driver is who he or she claims to be. Please use common sense
when using the Lyft Platform, Lyft Services, Third-Party Services, and Rideshare Services, including
looking at the photos of the Driver or Rider you have matched with to make sure it is the same
individual you see in person. Please note that there are also risks of dealing with underage persons
or people acting under false pretense, and we do not accept responsibility or liability for any
content, communication or other use or access of the Lyft Platform by persons under the age of 18 in
violation of this Agreement. We encourage you to communicate directly with each potential Driver or
Rider prior to engaging in an arranged transportation service.

Lyft is not responsible for the conduct, whether online or offline, of any User of the Lyft
Platform, Lyft Services, Third-Party Services, or Rideshare Services. You are solely responsible for
your interactions with other Users. We do not procure insurance for, nor are we responsible for,
personal belongings left in the car by Drivers or Riders. By using the Lyft Platform, Lyft Services,
Third-Party Services, and participating in the Rideshare Services, you agree to accept such risks
and agree that Lyft is not responsible for the acts or omissions of Users on the Lyft Platform, Lyft
Services, Third-Party Services, or participating in the Rideshare Services.

You are responsible for the use of your User account and Lyft expressly disclaims any liability
arising from the unauthorized use of your User account.

It is possible for others to obtain information about you that you provide, publish or post to or
through the Lyft Platform (including any profile information you provide), send to other Users, or
share during the Rideshare Services, and to use such information to harass or harm you. We are not
responsible for the use of any personal information that you disclose to other Users on the Lyft
Platform or through the Rideshare Services, Lyft Services, or Third-Party Services. Please carefully
select the type of information that you post on the Lyft Platform or through the Rideshare Services,
Lyft Services, or Third-Party Services or release to others. We disclaim all liability, regardless
of the form of action, for the acts or omissions of other Users (including unauthorized users, or
“hackers”).

Opinions, advice, statements, offers, or other information or content concerning Lyft or made
available through the Lyft Platform, but not directly by us, are those of their respective authors,
and should not necessarily be relied upon. Such authors are solely responsible for such content.
Under no circumstances will we be responsible for any loss or damage resulting from your reliance on
information or other content posted by third parties, whether on the Lyft Platform or otherwise. We
reserve the right, but we have no obligation, to monitor the materials posted on the Lyft Platform
and remove any such material that in our sole opinion violates, or is alleged to violate, the law or
this Agreement or which might be offensive, illegal, or that might violate the rights of, harm, or
threaten the safety of Users or others.

Location data provided by the Lyft Platform is for basic location purposes only and is not intended
to be relied upon in situations where precise location information is needed or where erroneous,
inaccurate or incomplete location data may lead to death, personal injury, or property or
environmental damage. Neither Lyft, nor any of its content providers, guarantees the availability,
accuracy, completeness, reliability, or timeliness of location data tracked or displayed by the Lyft
Platform. Any of your Information, including geolocational data, you upload, provide, or post on the
Lyft Platform may be accessible to Lyft and certain Users of the Lyft Platform.

Lyft advises you to use the Lyft Platform with a data plan with unlimited or very high data usage
limits, and Lyft shall not be responsible or liable for any fees, costs, or overage charges
associated with any data plan you use to access the Lyft Platform.

This paragraph applies to any version of the Lyft Platform that you acquire from the Apple App
Store. This Agreement is entered into between you and Lyft. Apple, Inc. (“Apple”) is not a party to
this Agreement and shall have no obligations with respect to the Lyft Platform. Lyft, not Apple, is
solely responsible for the Lyft Platform and the content thereof as set forth hereunder. However,
Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third-party beneficiaries of this Agreement. Upon your acceptance
of this Agreement, Apple shall have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to
enforce this Agreement against you as a third-party beneficiary thereof. This Agreement incorporates
by reference
[Apple’s Licensed Application End User License Agreement](http://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/appstore/dev/stdeula/), for purposes of which, you are “the end-user.” In the event of a conflict in the terms of the
Licensed Application End User License Agreement and this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement
shall control.

As a Driver, you may be able to use "Lyft Nav built by Google" while providing Rideshare Services on
the Lyft Platform. Riders and Drivers may also use Google Maps while using the Lyft Platform. In
either case, you agree that Google may collect your location data when the Lyft Platform is running
in order to provide and improve Google's services, that such data may also be shared with Lyft in
order to improve its operations, and that Google's
[terms](https://www.google.com/help/terms_maps.html) and
[privacy policy](https://www.google.com/intl/en_gl/policies/privacy/) will apply to this
usage.

As a Rider seeking Rideshare Services on the Lyft Platform, you may be matched with a professionally
licensed or otherwise permitted Rideshare Provider who may be subject to provincial and local
regulations, including requirements to carry commercial automobile insurance. Subject to applicable
law, in select markets, Lyft may not provide insurance coverage for instances of Rideshare Services
provided by these professionally licensed or otherwise permitted Rideshare Provider.

Lyft shall not be in breach of this Agreement nor liable for failure or delay in performing
obligations under this Agreement if such failure or delay results from events, circumstances or
causes beyond its reasonable control including (without limitation) natural disasters or acts of
God; labor disputes or stoppages; war; government action; epidemic or pandemic; chemical or
biological contamination; strikes; riots; acts of domestic or international terrorism; quarantines;
national or regional emergencies; or any other cause, whether similar in kind to the foregoing or
otherwise, beyond the party’s reasonable control. All service dates under this Agreement affected by
force majeure shall be tolled for the duration of such force majeure. The parties hereby agree, when
feasible, not to cancel but reschedule the pertinent obligations as soon as practicable after the
force majeure condition ceases to exist.

## Provincial and Local Disclosures

Certain jurisdictions require additional disclosures to you, such as requirements for drivers,
earnings information, and where you can access Lyft’s certificates of insurance. You can view any
disclosures required by your local jurisdiction at
<www.lyft.com/terms/disclosures>. By accepting this
Agreement, you acknowledge that Lyft has provided these disclosures to you and that you have read
them. Please check regularly for updates.

## Indemnity

You will indemnify and hold harmless and, at Lyft’s election, defend Lyft including our affiliates,
subsidiaries, parents, successors and assigns, and each of our respective officers, directors,
employees, agents, or shareholders (collectively, the “Indemnified Parties”) from and against any
claims, actions, suits, losses, costs, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’
fees) relating to or arising out of your use of the Lyft Platform, Lyft Services, Third-Party
Services, and participation in the Rideshare Services, including: (1) your breach of this Agreement
or the documents it incorporates by reference; (2) your violation of any law or the rights of a
third party, including, Rideshare Providers, Riders, other motorists, and pedestrians, as a result
of your own interaction with such third party; (3) any allegation that any materials or Information
that you submit to us or transmit through the Lyft Platform or to us infringes, misappropriates, or
otherwise violates the copyright, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property or other
rights of any third party; (4) your ownership, use or operation of a motor vehicle or passenger
vehicle, including your provision of Rideshare Services as a Driver; and/or (5) any other activities
in connection with the Lyft Platform, Lyft Services, Third-Party Services, or Rideshare Services.
This indemnity shall be applicable without regard to the negligence of any party, including any
indemnified person. You will not, without Lyft’s prior written consent, agree to any settlement on
behalf of any Indemnified Party which includes either the obligation to pay any monetary amounts, or
any admissions of liability, whether civil or criminal, on the part of any Indemnified Party.

## Limitation of Liability

IN NO EVENT WILL LYFT, INCLUDING OUR AFFILIATES, SUBSIDIARIES, PARENTS, SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS, AND
EACH OF OUR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OR SHAREHOLDERS (COLLECTIVELY “LYFT”
FOR PURPOSES OF THIS SECTION), BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE,
CONSEQUENTIAL, OR INDIRECT DAMAGES (INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR DELETION, CORRUPTION, LOSS OF DATA, LOSS
OF PROGRAMS, FAILURE TO STORE ANY INFORMATION OR OTHER CONTENT MAINTAINED OR TRANSMITTED BY THE LYFT
PLATFORM, SERVICE INTERRUPTIONS, OR FOR THE COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE SERVICES) ARISING OUT
OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE LYFT PLATFORM, LYFT SERVICES, THE RIDESHARE SERVICES, OR THIS
AGREEMENT, HOWEVER ARISING INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, EVEN IF WE OR OUR AGENTS OR REPRESENTATIVES KNOW OR
HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE LYFT PLATFORM MAY BE USED BY YOU TO
REQUEST AND SCHEDULE TRANSPORTATION, GOODS, OR THIRD-PARTY SERVICES WITH THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS, BUT
YOU AGREE THAT LYFT HAS NO RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO YOU RELATED TO ANY TRANSPORTATION, GOODS,
OR THIRD-PARTY SERVICES SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT. FOR CLARITY AND WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING,
LYFT HAS NO RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR
USE OF OR RELIANCE ON TRANSPORTATION, GOODS, OR THIRD-PARTY SERVICES SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT OR
ANY TRANSACTION OR RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN YOU AND ANY THIRD-PARTY PROVIDER. CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS MAY
NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF
THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL
RIGHTS.

## Term and Termination

This Agreement is effective upon your acceptance of this Agreement. This Agreement may be
terminated: (a) by User, without cause, upon seven (7) days’ prior written notice to Lyft; or (b) by
either party immediately, without notice, upon the other party’s material breach of this Agreement,
including but not limited to any breach of Section 9 or breach of Section 10(a)-(i) of this
Agreement. In addition, Lyft may terminate this Agreement or deactivate your User account or cease
offering or deny access to Lyft services or any portion thereof immediately in the event: (1) you
are no longer eligible to qualify as a User; (2) you no longer qualify to provide Rideshare Services
or to operate the approved vehicle under applicable law, rule, permit, ordinance or regulation; (3)
you fall below Lyft’s star rating threshold; or (4) Lyft has the good faith belief that such action
is necessary to protect the safety of the Lyft community or third parties, provided that in the
event of a deactivation pursuant to (1)-(4) above, you will be given notice of the potential or
actual deactivation and an opportunity to attempt to cure the issue to Lyft’s reasonable
satisfaction prior to Lyft permanently terminating the Agreement. For all other breaches of this
Agreement, you will be provided notice and an opportunity to cure the breach. If the breach is cured
in a timely manner and to Lyft’s satisfaction, this Agreement will not be permanently terminated.
Sections 2, 6, 7 (with respect to the license), 11-12, and 14-21 shall survive any termination or
expiration of this Agreement.

## DISPUTE RESOLUTION AND ARBITRATION AGREEMENT

THE LAWS OF CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS MAY NOT ALLOW FOR THE ENFORCEMENT OF AN AGREEMENT REQUIRING YOU TO
SUBMIT TO BINDING ARBITRATION OR TO WAIVE ANY RIGHTS YOU MAY HAVE TO PURSUE A PROCEEDING ON A CLASS,
COLLECTIVE, MASS OR REPRESENTATIVE BASIS IN RESPECT OF CERTAIN DISPUTES YOU MAY HAVE WITH LYFT IN
WHICH CASE SOME OR ALL OF THE FOLLOWING REQUIREMENTS WITH RESPECT TO BINDING ARBITRATION AND WAIVER
OF RIGHTS WITH RESPECT TO CLASS, COLLECTIVE, MASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU AND
YOU MAY HAVE THE RIGHT TO INITIATE OR PARTICIPATE IN PROCEEDINGS ON AN INDIVIDUAL, CLASS,
COLLECTIVE, MASS OR REPRESENTATIVE BASIS.

#### (a) Agreement to Binding Arbitration Between You and Lyft.

YOU AND LYFT MUTUALLY AGREE TO WAIVE, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, OUR
RESPECTIVE RIGHTS TO RESOLUTION OF DISPUTES IN A COURT OF LAW BY A JUDGE OR JURY AND AGREE TO
RESOLVE ANY DISPUTE BY ARBITRATION AS SET FORTH BELOW. This agreement to arbitrate (“Arbitration
Agreement”) survives after this Agreement terminates or your relationship with Lyft ends. TO THE
FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, ANY ARBITRATION UNDER THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT WILL
TAKE PLACE ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND CLASS OR MASS ARBITRATIONS AND CLASS ACTIONS ARE NOT
PERMITTED.

Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, this Arbitration Agreement applies to all disputes
between you and Lyft, including our affiliates, subsidiaries, parents, successors and assigns, and
each of our respective officers, directors, employees, agents, or shareholders that are pursued
through civil litigation brought in a court or through arbitration (each a “Claim” and collectively,
“Claims”). For greater certainty, this Arbitration Agreement does not prevent you from making a
complaint to a regulator, governmental agency, or administrative tribunal.

These Claims include, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, but are not limited to,
any dispute, claim or controversy, whether based on past, present, or future events, arising out of
or relating to: this Agreement and prior versions thereof (including the breach, termination,
enforcement, interpretation or validity thereof), the Lyft Platform, the Services, any other goods
or services made available through the Lyft Platform, your relationship with Lyft, the threatened or
actual suspension, deactivation or termination of your User account or this Agreement, payments made
by you or any payments made or allegedly owed to you, any promotions or offers made by Lyft, and all
other common law and statutory claims between you and Lyft or its affiliates and their respective
employees, officers, directors and shareholders. To the fullest extent permissible under applicable
law, disputes concerning the arbitrability of a Claim (including disputes about the scope,
applicability, enforceability, revocability or validity of the Arbitration Agreement) shall be
decided by the arbitrator.

BY AGREEING TO ARBITRATION, YOU UNDERSTAND THAT YOU AND LYFT ARE WAIVING THE RIGHT TO SUE IN
COURT OR HAVE A JURY TRIAL FOR ALL CLAIMS, EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN THIS
AGREEMENT OR REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW. THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT IS INTENDED TO REQUIRE
ARBITRATION OF EVERY CLAIM OR DISPUTE THAT CAN LAWFULLY BE ARBITRATED.

#### (b) Prohibition of Class Actions and Non-Individualized Relief.

YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, THAT YOU AND
LYFT MAY EACH BRING CLAIMS IN ARBITRATION AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN AN INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT
ON A CLASS, COLLECTIVE, MASS OR REPRESENTATIVE BASIS (“CLASS ACTION WAIVER”). YOU UNDERSTAND AND
AGREE THAT YOU AND LYFT BOTH ARE WAIVING THE RIGHT TO PURSUE OR HAVE A DISPUTE RESOLVED AS A
PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS, COLLECTIVE, MASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. AN
ARBITRATOR APPOINTED PURSUANT TO THIS ARBITRATION AGREEMENT SHALL HAVE NO AUTHORITY TO CONSIDER OR
RESOLVE ANY CLAIM OR ISSUE ANY RELIEF ON ANY BASIS OTHER THAN AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS. THE ARBITRATOR
SHALL HAVE NO AUTHORITY TO CONSIDER OR RESOLVE ANY CLAIM OR ISSUE ANY RELIEF ON A CLASS, COLLECTIVE,
MASS OR REPRESENTATIVE BASIS.

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Arbitration Agreement or the AAA Rules,
disputes regarding the scope, applicability, enforceability, revocability or validity of the Class
Action Waiver may be resolved only by a civil court of competent jurisdiction and not by an
arbitrator. In any case in which: (1) the dispute is filed as a class, collective, mass or
representative action or otherwise seeks relief that is not limited to the individual party seeking
relief and (2) there is a final judicial determination that this subsection (b) is unenforceable as
to any Claims, the class, collective, mass and/or representative action in respect of such Claims
must be litigated in a civil court of competent jurisdiction, but the Class Action Waiver and all
other provisions in this subsection (b) shall be enforced in arbitration on an individual basis as
to all other Claims to the fullest extent possible.

#### (c) Rules Governing the Arbitration.

Any arbitration conducted pursuant to this Arbitration Agreement shall be administered by the
American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) and pursuant to the applicable AAA rules. You can learn
more about the AAA and its rules and processes at [www.adr.org](https://www.adr.org/). At
first instance you may select the specific set of AAA rules that you believe are best suited to the
resolution of your dispute with Lyft. In the event that Lyft disputes your selection of a specific
set of AAA rules, the arbitrator shall determine the specific set of AAA rules to be applied.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if requested by you and if proper based on the facts and
circumstances of the Claims presented, the arbitrator shall have the discretion to select a set of
arbitration rules other than those of the AAA, but in no event shall the arbitrator consolidate more
than one person’s Claims, or otherwise preside over any form of class, collective, mass or
representative proceeding. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Agreement that require all Claims
between you and Lyft to be resolved through binding arbitration on an individual basis to the
fullest extent permitted by applicable law, should applicable law require that your arbitration with
Lyft proceed on a class, collective, mass or representative basis, you consent to the arbitration
being governed by the Mass Arbitration Supplementary Rules of the AAA, to the extent these rules
would otherwise apply.

As part of the arbitration, both you and Lyft will have the opportunity for reasonable discovery of
non-privileged information that is relevant to the Claim. The arbitrator may award any
individualized remedies that would be available in court. The arbitrator may award declaratory or
injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent
necessary to provide relief warranted by that party's individual Claims. The arbitrator will provide
a reasoned written statement of the arbitrator’s decision which shall explain the award given and
the findings and conclusions on which the decision is based.

The arbitrator will decide the substance of all Claims in accordance with applicable law, and will
honor all claims of privilege recognized by law. The arbitrator shall not be bound by rulings in
prior arbitrations involving different Riders or Drivers, but is bound by rulings in prior
arbitrations involving the same Rider or Driver to the extent required by applicable law. The
arbitrator’s award shall be final and binding and judgment on the award rendered by the arbitrator
may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction, provided that such award may be challenged to
the extent provided for under applicable law.

#### (d) Arbitration Fees and Awards.

The payment of filing and arbitration fees will be governed by the relevant AAA Rules subject to the
following modifications:

#### (e) Location and Manner of Arbitration.

Unless you and Lyft agree otherwise, any arbitration hearings between Lyft and a Rider will take
place in the nearest municipality of your billing address, or, where appropriate arbitration
facilities for the conduct of an AAA arbitration are not available in the municipality of your
billing address, in the nearest municipality to your billing address in which such facilities are
available, and any arbitration hearings between Lyft and a Driver will take place in the
municipality in which the Driver provides Services or, where appropriate arbitration facilities for
the conduct of an AAA arbitration are not available in the municipality in which the Driver provides
Services, in the nearest municipality in which such facilities are available. If your Claim is for
CDN$10,000 or less, Lyft agrees that you may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted solely
on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator, through a telephonic hearing, or by an
in-person hearing as determined by the applicable AAA Rules. If your Claim exceeds CDN$10,000, the
right to a hearing will be determined by the applicable AAA Rules.

#### (f) Severability.

In the event that any portion of this Arbitration Agreement is deemed illegal or unenforceable, such
provision shall be severed and the remainder of the Arbitration Agreement shall be given full force
and effect.

#### (g) Opting Out of Arbitration.

You may opt out of the requirement to arbitrate pursuant to the terms of this subsection. If you do
not wish to be subject to this Arbitration Agreement, you may opt out of arbitration by notifying
Lyft in writing of your desire to opt out of arbitration, which writing must be dated, signed and
delivered by electronic mail to CNarbitrationoptout@lyft.com.

In order to be effective, (A) the writing must clearly indicate your intent to opt out of this
Arbitration Agreement, (B) the writing must include the name, phone number, and email address
associated with your User Account, and (C) the email or envelope containing the signed writing must
be sent within 30 days of the date this Agreement is executed by you. Should you not opt out within
the 30-day period, you and Lyft shall be bound by the terms of this Arbitration Agreement in full,
to the extent allowable by law. You should assume that in the future there may be lawsuits against
Lyft alleging class, collective, mass and/or representative Claims, in which the plaintiffs seek to
act on your behalf, and which, if successful, could result in some monetary recovery to you. But if
you do agree to arbitration with Lyft under this Arbitration Agreement, to the fullest extent
permissible under applicable law, you are agreeing in advance that you will bring all such Claims,
and seek all monetary and other relief against Lyft in an individual arbitration proceeding and you
are agreeing that you will not participate in, or seek to recover monetary or other relief for such
Claims in any court action or class, collective, mass and/or representative action. You have the
right to consult with counsel of your choice concerning this Arbitration Agreement and you will not
be subject to retaliation if you exercise your right to assert claims or opt out of this Arbitration
Agreement.

#### (h) Optional Pre-Arbitration Negotiation Process.

Before initiating any arbitration or proceeding, you and Lyft may agree to first attempt to
negotiate any dispute, claim or controversy between the parties informally for 30 days, unless this
time period is mutually extended by you and Lyft. A party who intends to seek negotiation under this
subsection must first send to the other a written notice of the dispute (“Notice”). The Notice must
(1) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; and (2) set forth the specific relief
sought. All offers, promises, conduct and statements, whether oral or written, made in the course of
the negotiation by any of the parties, their agents, employees, and lawyers are confidential,
privileged and inadmissible for any purpose, including as evidence of liability or for impeachment,
in arbitration or other proceeding involving the parties, provided that evidence that is otherwise
admissible or discoverable shall not be rendered inadmissible or non-discoverable as a result of its
use in the negotiation.

#### (i) Binding Effect; Third-Party Beneficiaries.

This Arbitration Agreement shall be binding upon, and shall include any Claims brought by or against
any third parties, including but not limited to your spouses, heirs, third-party beneficiaries and
permitted assigns, where their underlying claim(s) arise out of or relate to your use of the Lyft
Platform, Lyft Services, or Rideshare Services. To the extent that any third-party beneficiary to
this Agreement brings claims against a party, those claims shall also be subject to this Arbitration
Agreement.

#### (j) Limited Recourse.

You agree that, to the extent that any Lyft Affiliate provides benefits or services under or in
connection with this Agreement, your use of the Lyft Platform, Lyft Services or Rideshare Services,
the Lyft Affiliate does so on behalf of Lyft. You agree to bring any Claims that may be brought in
connection with this Agreement, your use of the Lyft Platform, Lyft Services or Rideshare Services
exclusively against Lyft. Lyft will respond to Claims that could, but for this provision, have been
brought against a Lyft Affiliate and will not take the position, in responding to such a Claim, that
it should have been brought against a Lyft Affiliate instead.

#### (k) Choice of Forum for Individual Sexual Assault or Sexual Harassment Claims.

If your dispute with Lyft advances individual claims of sexual assault or sexual harassment, you may
choose to advance those specific claims individually in a court instead of in an arbitration and you
are not required to have opted out of arbitration in accordance with subsection (g). All other
provisions of this Arbitration Agreement that can apply to a court proceeding, including the Class
Action Waiver, shall remain in full force and effect and shall govern the resolution of the dispute.
To the extent that your dispute advances Claims other than claims of sexual assault or sexual
harassment, those other Claims must, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be
arbitrated in accordance with the terms of this Arbitration Agreement.

## Confidentiality

You agree not to use any technical, financial, strategic and other proprietary and confidential
information relating to Lyft’s business, operations and properties, information about a User made
available to you in connection with such User’s use of the Lyft Platform, which may include the
User’s name, pick-up location, contact information and photo (“Confidential Information”) disclosed
to you by Lyft for your own use or for any purpose other than as contemplated herein. You shall not
disclose or permit disclosure of any Confidential Information to third parties, and you agree not to
store separate and outside of the Lyft Platform any Confidential Information obtained from the Lyft
Platform. As a Driver, you understand that some of the Confidential Information you receive may be
protected by federal and/or provincial privacy laws. You will take all reasonable measures to
protect the secrecy of and avoid disclosure or use of Confidential Information in order to prevent
it from falling into the public domain. Notwithstanding the above, you shall not have liability to
Lyft with regard to any Confidential Information which you can prove: was in the public domain at
the time it was disclosed by Lyft or has entered the public domain through no fault of yours; was
known to you, without restriction, at the time of disclosure, as demonstrated by files in existence
at the time of disclosure; is disclosed with the prior written approval of Lyft; becomes known to
you, without restriction, from a source other than Lyft without breach of this Agreement by you and
otherwise not in violation of Lyft’s rights; or is disclosed pursuant to the order or requirement of
a court, administrative agency, or other governmental body; provided, however, that you shall
provide prompt notice of such court order or requirement to Lyft to enable Lyft to seek a protective
order or otherwise prevent or restrict such disclosure.

## Relationship with Lyft

As a Driver on the Lyft Platform, you acknowledge and agree that you and Lyft are in a direct
business relationship, and the relationship between the parties under this Agreement is solely that
of independent contracting parties. You and Lyft expressly agree that (1) this is not an employment
agreement and does not create an employment relationship between you and Lyft; and (2) no joint
venture, franchisor-franchisee, partnership, or agency relationship is intended or created by this
Agreement. You have no authority to bind Lyft, and you will not hold yourself out as an employee,
agent or authorized representative of Lyft.

Lyft does not, and shall not be deemed to, direct or control you generally or in your performance
under this Agreement specifically, including in connection with your provision of Rideshare
Services, your acts or omissions, or your operation and maintenance of your vehicle. You retain the
sole right to determine when, where, and for how long you will use the Lyft Platform. Lyft does not,
and shall not be deemed to, unilaterally prescribe specific dates, times of day, or any minimum
number of hours for you to use the Lyft Platform. You retain the option to accept or to decline or
ignore a Rider’s request for Rideshare Services via the Lyft Platform, or to cancel an accepted
request for Rideshare Services via the Lyft Platform, subject to Lyft’s then-current cancellation
policies. Lyft does not, and shall not be deemed to, require you to accept any specific request for
Rideshare Services as a condition of maintaining access to the platform. With the exception of any
signage required by law or permit/license rules or requirements, Lyft shall have no right to require
you to: (a) display Lyft’s names, logos or colors on your vehicle(s); or (b) wear a uniform or any
other clothing displaying Lyft’s names, logos or colors. You acknowledge and agree that you have
complete discretion to provide Rideshare Services or otherwise engage in any other business or
employment activities, including but not limited to providing services similar to the Rideshare
Services to other companies, and that Lyft does not, and shall not be deemed to, restrict you from
engaging in any such activity.

## Third-Party Services

In addition to connecting Riders with Drivers, the Lyft Platform may enable Users to provide
services or receive services from other third parties. For example, Users may be able to use the
Lyft Platform to plan and reserve rides on public transportation, take a ride in an Autonomous
Vehicle provided by a third party, rent vehicles, bikes, scooters, or other similar personal
transportation devices provided by a third party, receive roadside assistance, or obtain financial,
vehicle repair, insurance, or other services provided by third parties (collectively, the
“Third-Party Services”). This Agreement between you and Lyft governs your use of the Lyft Platform
in connection with the Third-Party Services.

In addition, you understand that the Third-Party Services may also be subject to terms and pricing
of the third-party provider (collectively, the “Third-Party Terms”) which will govern your
relationship with such third-party provider, as applicable. You agree that Lyft is not responsible
and may not be held liable for the Third-Party Services or the actions or omissions of the
third-party provider. Such Third-Party Services may not be investigated, monitored or checked for
accuracy, appropriateness, or completeness by Lyft, and Lyft is not responsible for any Third-Party
Services accessed through the Lyft Platform. This Agreement incorporates by reference
[ADT Mobile Security Monitoring Terms](https://www.adt.com/about-adt/legal/mobile-monitoring-terms-lyft), which are Third-Party Terms.

In the event of a conflict in the terms of any Third-Party Terms and this Agreement, the terms of
this Agreement shall control with respect to Lyft and your agreements with Lyft herein, and the
limitations of liability set forth in Section 15 above shall also apply to the third-party provider.
The Dispute Resolution and Arbitration Agreement provisions in Section 17 above shall apply instead
of any terms in any Third-Party Terms for all purposes except with respect to claims that are solely
against the third-party provider.

## General

Except as provided in Section 17, this Agreement shall be governed by the laws of Ontario. If any
provision of this Agreement is or becomes invalid or non-binding, the parties shall remain bound by
all other provisions of this Agreement. In that event, the parties shall replace the invalid or
non-binding provision with provisions that are valid and binding and that have, to the greatest
extent possible, a similar effect as the invalid or non-binding provision, given the contents and
purpose of this Agreement. You agree that this Agreement and all incorporated agreements may be
automatically assigned by Lyft, in our sole discretion by providing notice to you. You may not
assign this Agreement without Lyft’s prior written approval. Any purported assignment by you in
violation of this Section 21 shall be void. Except as explicitly stated otherwise, any notices to
Lyft shall be given by certified mail, postage prepaid and return receipt requested to Lyft Canada
Inc., 1133 Melville Street, Suite 3500, The Stack, Vancouver BC V6E 4E5. Any notices to you shall be
provided to you through the Lyft Platform or given to you via the email address or physical address
you provide to Lyft during the registration process. Headings are for reference purposes only and in
no way define, limit, construe or describe the scope or extent of such section. The words “include”,
“includes” and “including” are deemed to be followed by the words “without limitation.” A party’s
failure to act with respect to a breach by the other party does not constitute a waiver of the
party’s right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches, any such waiver shall be in
writing. This Agreement sets forth the entire understanding and agreement between you and Lyft with
respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all previous understandings and agreements
between the parties, whether oral or written. The place of this Agreement is Toronto, Ontario.

In the event that any portion of this Agreement, including any portion of the Arbitration Agreement,
is deemed illegal or unenforceable, such provision shall be severed and the remainder of the
Agreement shall be given full force and effect.

If you have any questions regarding the Lyft Platform, Lyft Services, or Rideshare Services, please
contact us through our [Help Center](https://help.lyft.com/).

# Lyft Privacy Policy

*Last Updated: December 13, 2024*

To power Lyft and your experience, we need to collect, use, and share some of your personal
information. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand how Lyft does that and how to
exercise the choices and rights you have in your information.

Lyft’s [privacy homepage](https://www.lyft.com/privacy/home) provides additional
information about our commitment to respecting your personal information, including ways for you to
access and delete that information.

## The Scope of This Policy

This policy applies to all Lyft users, including Riders and Drivers (including Driver applicants),
and to all Lyft platforms and services, including our applications, websites, technology,
facilities, and other services (collectively, the “Lyft Platform”). This policy applies only to
personal information, not to aggregate information or information that does not identify you. Please
remember that your use of the Lyft Platform is also subject to our
[Terms of Service](https://www.lyft.com/terms/canada). Certain elements of the Lyft
Platform may operate under separate or additional terms or practices different from or in addition
to those described in this policy; in those cases, you will be provided separate notice and
information relevant to your use of those parts of the Lyft Platform.

**For users in California, Canada, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Maryland, Minnesota,
Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, and
Virginia:**
Additional information regarding Lyft’s privacy practices under jurisdiction-specific privacy laws
is available [here](https://www.lyft.com/privacy/addendum).

## The Information We Collect

When you use the Lyft Platform, we collect the information you provide, usage information, and
information about your device. We also collect information about you from other sources like service
providers, and optional programs in which you participate, which we may combine with other
information we have about you. Here are the types of information we collect about you:

### A. Information You Provide to Us

**Your Account.** When you create an account with Lyft, we collect the information
you provide us, such as your name, email address, phone number, birth date, profile photo, and
payment information. You may choose to share additional info with us for your profile, like
saved addresses (e.g., home or work) and gender, and set up other preferences (such as your
preferred pronouns). We may ask at the time you set up an account and thereafter that you
provide additional information related to the identity of your account, such as documents
related to identification (e.g., driver’s license), a profile picture, or “selfie” imagery. If
you choose to engage in additional offerings on the Lyft Platform (e.g., linking to other
accounts like travel rewards), you may provide us additional information relevant to those
offerings.

**Driver Information.** If you apply to be a Driver, we will collect the
information you provide in your application, including your name, email address, phone number,
birth date, profile photo, physical address, government identification number (such as social
security number), driver’s license information (including gender), vehicle information, and car
insurance information. We collect the payment information you provide us, including your bank
routing numbers and tax information. Depending on where you want to drive, we may also ask for
additional business license or permit information or other information to manage driving and
programs relevant to that location.

**User Content.** When you rate and provide feedback about the Lyft Platform
(including about Riders or Drivers), we collect all of the information you provide in your
feedback. When you contact us or we contact you, including through surveys or research projects,
we collect any information that you provide, including the contents of the messages or
attachments you send us. Users may choose to send us audio and video content, including in-ride
recordings that may be initiated through the Lyft app.

### B. Information We Collect When You Use the Lyft Platform

**Location Information.** The Lyft Platform collects location information. This
includes approximate and precise location through GPS and WiFi data, IP address, Bluetooth data,
and any other location information you choose to share with us. Our processing of this
information differs depending on your Lyft app settings, device permissions, and whether you are
using the platform as a Rider or Driver:

**Usage Information.** We collect information about your use of the Lyft Platform,
including ride information like the date, time, destination, distance, route, payment, and
whether you used a promotional or referral code. Our e-bikes and scooters may collect mobile
sensor data, such as speed, direction, altitude, acceleration, deceleration, and other technical
data. We also collect information about your interactions with the Lyft Platform like our apps
and websites, including the pages and content you view and the dates and times of your use.

**Device Information.** We collect information about the devices you use to access
the Lyft Platform, including device model, IP address, type of browser, version of operating
system, identity of carrier and manufacturer, radio type (such as 4G), preferences and settings
(such as preferred language), application installations, device identifiers, advertising
identifiers, and push notification tokens. If you are a Driver, we also collect mobile sensor
data from your device (such as speed, direction, height, acceleration, deceleration, and other
technical data). If you have installed a Lyft Platform device in your vehicle (e.g., a Lyft
dashboard device or tablet), that device may similarly collect sensor data and other information
like location, as described when you choose and set up such devices. If a Driver chooses to
register with Lyft that they use a dashboard recording device, we will receive the information
they provide to us about that device (e.g., device serial number).

**Communications Between Riders and Drivers.** We work with a third party to
facilitate phone calls and text messages between Riders and Drivers without sharing either
party’s actual phone number with the other. But while we use a third party to provide the
communication service, we collect information about these communications and Lyft Platform chat
communications, including the participants’ phone numbers, the date and time, and the contents
of SMS and chat messages. For security purposes, we may also monitor or record the contents of
phone calls made through the Lyft Platform, but we will always let you know we are about to do
so before the call begins.

**Address Book Contacts.** You may set your device permissions to grant Lyft access
to your contact lists and direct Lyft to access your contact list, for example to help you refer
friends to Lyft. If you choose to do this, we will access the names and contact information of
the people in your address book.

**Calendar Information.** You may set your device permissions or otherwise grant
Lyft access to your chosen calendar and direct Lyft to access calendar information, for example
to help you get alerts to order a ride for your upcoming trip. If you choose to do this, we will
access and store information available in your calendar to use in providing you these optional
features. Lyft will adhere to the applicable calendar provider policies, including
[Google’s API Services User Data Policy](https://developers.google.com/terms/api-services-user-data-policy#additional_requirements_for_specific_api_scopes), which impose certain limitations on the use of data collected from user’s calendar accounts.
You may remove Lyft’s access to your accounts at any time either in-app or through your account
provider settings.

**Cookies, Analytics, and Third-Party Technologies.** We collect and use
information through the use of “cookies,” tracking pixels, data analytics tools like
[Google Analytics](https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites), SDKs, and
other third-party tracking technologies on and off the Lyft Platform to understand how you
navigate through the Lyft Platform and interact with advertisements, to make your Lyft
experience safer, to learn what content is popular, to improve your experience with us, to serve
you or others better ads, and to save your preferences.

**Inferences**. We may infer certain information from your interactions with the
Lyft Platform and other personal information available to us. For example, if you frequently
ride to or from airports, we may infer you are a frequent traveler. We may infer your
approximate location from your precise location. We may also draw inferences from the
information you provide to us, such as inferring your gender based on your first name.

### C. Information We Collect From Other Sources

**Service Providers and Other Parties.** Service providers and other parties
provide us with information needed for core aspects of the Lyft Platform, as well as for
additional services, programs, loyalty benefits, and promotions that can enhance your Lyft
experience. These service providers and other parties include background check providers,
insurance partners, financial service providers, marketing providers, and other businesses. We
obtain the following information about you from these parties:

**Enterprise Programs.** If you use Lyft through your employer or other
organization that participates in one of our Lyft Business enterprise programs, we will collect
information about you from those parties, such as your name and contact information.

**Concierge Service.** Sometimes another business or entity may order you a Lyft
ride. If an organization has ordered a ride for you using our Concierge service, they will
provide us your contact information and the pickup and drop-off location of your ride.

**Referral Programs.** If someone refers you to Lyft, we will collect information
about you from that referral including your name and contact information.

**Other Users and Sources.** Other users or public or third-party sources such as
law enforcement, insurers, media, or pedestrians may provide us information about you, for
example as part of an investigation into an incident or to provide you support.

## How We Use Your Information

We use your personal information to:

**Providing the Lyft Platform.** We use your personal information to provide an
intuitive, useful, efficient, and worthwhile experience on our platform. To do this, we use your
personal information to:

**Maintaining the Security and Safety of the Lyft Platform and its Users.**
Providing you a secure and safe experience drives our platform, both on the road and on our apps. To
do this, we use your personal information to:

**Building and Maintaining the Lyft Community.** Lyft works to be a positive part of the
community. We use your personal information to:

**Providing Customer Support.** We work hard to provide the best experience possible,
including supporting you when you need it. To do this, we use your personal information to:

**Improving the Lyft Platform.** We are always working to improve the Lyft Platform and
provide new and helpful features. To do this, we use your personal information to:

**Responding to Legal Proceedings and Requirements.** Sometimes the law, government
entities, or other regulatory bodies impose demands and obligations on us with respect to the
services we seek to provide. In such a circumstance, we may use your personal information to respond
to those demands or obligations.

**Marketing and Advertising.** To grow the Lyft Platform and to share partner
opportunities that are relevant to you, we use your personal information, including information we
infer about you or receive from marketing parties, to provide Lyft and third party marketing,
advertising, and promotions that may be personalized to you. This may include, for example, your
observed or inferred approximate location and trip history. To learn more about your choices
regarding marketing and advertising, visit [here](https://www.lyft.com/privacy/sharing).

## How We Disclose Your Information

We do not sell your personal information to third parties for money -- no one can buy the personal
information we collect from and about you and we do not act as a data broker. However, we may need
to share your personal information with third parties to deliver relevant personalized ads to you on
and off the Lyft Platform. Some of these disclosures may constitute “sharing” or the “sale” of
personal information for “targeted advertising” purposes under certain local (e.g., U.S. state)
privacy laws, which we describe in more detail
[here](https://www.lyft.com/privacy/addendum). This section otherwise explains when, why,
and with whom we disclose your information.

### A. Sharing Between Lyft Users

**Riders and Drivers.**

*Rider information shared with Driver:* As part of surfacing the ride request and
enabling the ride, we share with the Driver the Rider’s pickup and destination, location, name,
profile photo, rating, Rider statistics (like approximate number of rides and years as a Rider),
and information the Rider includes in their Rider profile (like preferred pronouns) as well as
any additional stops the Rider inputs into the Lyft app. Once the ride is finished, we also
eventually share the Rider’s rating and feedback with the Driver. (We remove the Rider’s
identity associated with ratings and feedback when we share it with Drivers, but a Driver may be
able to identify the Rider that provided the rating or feedback.)

*Driver information shared with Rider:* Upon a Driver accepting a requested ride, we will
share with the Rider the Driver’s name, profile photo, preferred pronouns, rating, real-time
location, and the vehicle make, model, color, and license plate, as well as other information in
the Driver’s Lyft profile, such as information Drivers choose to add (like country flag and why
you drive) and Driver statistics (like approximate number of rides and years as a Driver).

Although we help Riders and Drivers communicate with one another to arrange a pickup, we do not
share your actual phone number or other contact information with other users when enabling this.
If you report a lost or found item to us, we will seek to connect you with the relevant Rider or
Driver, which may include sharing actual contact information with your consent.

**Shared Ride Riders.** When Riders use a Lyft shared ride, we share each Rider’s
name and profile picture to ensure safety. Riders may also see each other’s pickup and drop-off
locations as part of knowing the route while sharing the ride.

**Rides Requested or Paid For by Others.** Some rides may be requested or paid for
by others. If a ride is requested or taken using a Lyft Business Profile account; a pass, code
or coupon; a subsidized program (e.g., transit or government); a corporate credit card linked to
another account; or another user or entity otherwise requests or pays for or portion of a ride,
we may share some or all of that ride’s details with that other party, including rider and
driver information (e.g., name, rider phone number), the date, time, charge, region of trip,
pick up and drop off location of the ride, feedback and rating regarding the ride, and
information related to incidents and accidents that may have occurred.

**Linked Accounts and Sharing Upon Your Request.** If you use the Lyft Platform as
part of a Lyft Family account linked with others or if you direct us to share your information
with trusted contacts, we will then share with those parties information about your use of the
Lyft Platform, such as the live location of your ride.

**Referral Programs.** If you refer someone to the Lyft Platform, we will let them
know that you generated the referral. If another user referred you, we may share information
about your use of the Lyft Platform with that user. For example, a referral source may receive a
bonus when you join the Lyft Platform or complete a certain number of rides and would receive
such information.

### B. Disclosures to Service Providers to Provide the Lyft Platform, and Other Parties

Depending on whether you’re a Rider or a Driver, Lyft may disclose the following categories of
your personal information to provide you with a variety of the Lyft Platform’s features and
services:

We disclose those categories of personal information to these other parties and service
providers to fulfill the following purposes:

### C. For Legal Reasons and to Protect the Lyft Platform

We may disclose your personal information in response to a legal obligation, or if we have
determined that disclosing your personal information is reasonably necessary or appropriate to:

### D. In Connection with Sale or Merger

We may disclose your personal information while negotiating or in relation to a change of
corporate control such as a restructuring, merger, or sale of our assets.

### E. Upon Your Further Direction

With your permission or upon your direction, we may disclose your personal information to
interact with a third party or for other purposes.

## How We Store and Protect Your Information

We retain your information for as long as necessary to provide you and our other users the Lyft
Platform. This means we keep your profile information for as long as you maintain an account. We
retain transactional information such as rides and payments for at least seven years to ensure we
can perform legitimate business functions, such as accounting for tax obligations. We also retain
your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our
terms and policies. If you request account deletion, we will delete your information as set forth in
the “Deleting Your Account” section below.

We take reasonable and appropriate measures designed to protect your personal information. But no
security measures can be 100% effective, and we cannot guarantee the security of your information,
including against unauthorized intrusions or acts by third parties.

## Your Rights And Choices Regarding Your Data

As explained more below and on our
[privacy homepage](https://www.lyft.com/privacy/home), Lyft provides ways for you to
access and delete your personal information as well as exercise applicable data rights that give you
certain control over your personal information.

### A. All Users

**Email Subscriptions.** You can always unsubscribe from our commercial or
promotional emails by clicking unsubscribe in those messages. We will still send you
transactional and relational emails about your use of the Lyft Platform.

**Text Messages.** You can opt out of receiving commercial or promotional text
messages by texting the word END to 46080 from the mobile device receiving the messages. You may
also opt out of receiving all texts from Lyft (including transactional or relational messages)
by texting the word STOPALL to 46080 from the mobile device receiving the messages. Note that
opting out of receiving all texts may impact your use of the Lyft Platform. Drivers can also opt
out of driver-specific messages by texting STOP in response to a driver SMS. To re-enable texts
you can text START in response to an unsubscribe confirmation SMS.

**Push Notifications.** You can opt out of receiving push notifications through
your device settings. Please note that opting out of receiving push notifications may impact
your use of the Lyft Platform (such as receiving a notification that your ride has arrived).

**Profile Information.** You can review and edit certain account information you
have chosen to add to your profile by logging in to your account settings and profile.

**Location Information.** You can prevent your device from sharing location
information through your device’s system settings. But if you do, this may impact Lyft’s ability
to provide you our full range of features and services. You may also control some elements of
sharing your location with Lyft in your Lyft account settings.

**Cookie Tracking and Personalized Advertising.** Your browser and devices may
offer some controls regarding personalized advertising. You may also modify your personalized
advertising setting [here](https://www.lyft.com/privacy/sharing). See also the
jurisdiction-specific rights as applicable.

**Accessing Your Information.** If you would like to access your personal
information, please visit [here](https://www.lyft.com/privacy/data). You can also see
information we have about you by logging into your account and viewing things like your profile,
settings, and preferences (like preferred pronouns and address shortcuts such as home and work),
ride history, or payment information. In addition, you may have some information included in
things we have sent to you, such as ride receipts.

**Deleting Your Account.** If you would like to delete your Lyft account, please
visit [here](https://www.lyft.com/privacy/data). In some cases, we will be unable to
delete your account, such as if there is an issue with your account related to trust, safety, or
fraud. When we delete your account, we may retain certain information for legitimate business
purposes or to comply with legal or regulatory obligations. For example, we may retain your
information to resolve open insurance claims, or we may be obligated to retain your information
as part of an open legal claim. When we retain such data, we do so in ways designed to prevent
its use for other purposes.

### B. Jurisdiction-Specific Rights

Some states such as California, Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Iowa, Maryland, Minnesota,
Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Oregon, Tennessee, Texas, Utah, and Virginia
provide specific rights to residents of the state regarding personal information. Similarly,
specific rights may be provided in Canada. To see more information about these rights and how to
exercise them, see [here](https://www.lyft.com/privacy/addendum).

## Children’s Data

Lyft is not directed to children, and we don’t knowingly collect personal information from children
under the age of 16. If we find out that a child under 16 has given us personal information, we will
take steps to delete that information. If you believe that a child under the age of 16 has given us
personal information, please contact us at our
[Help Center](https://help.lyft.com/hc).

## Links to Third-Party Websites

The Lyft Platform may contain links or references to third-party websites, products, or services.
Those third parties may have privacy policies that differ from ours. We are not responsible for
those third parties and their websites, products or services, and we recommend that you review their
policies. Please contact those parties directly if you have any questions about their privacy
policies.

## Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update this policy from time to time as the Lyft Platform changes and privacy law evolves. If
we update it, we will do so online, and if we make material changes, we will let you know through
the Lyft Platform or by some other method of communication like email. When you use Lyft, you are
agreeing to the most recent terms of this policy.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions or concerns about your privacy or anything in this policy, including if
you need to access this policy in an alternative format, we encourage you to
[contact us](https://help.lyft.com/hc/en-us/requests/new?ticket_form_id=360002128894).

## DRIVER

## DRIVER

## RIDER

## RIDER

## LYFT

## LYFT
